chore: add agent files (#6082)
pybind/pybind11: AGENTS.md

```

Pass pytest flags via `PYTEST_ADDOPTS`, e.g. `env PYTEST_ADDOPTS="-s -x" cmake --build build --target pytest`.

### nox shortcuts (minimal setup, slower)

`nox -s lint`, `nox -s tests-3.9`, `nox -s docs -- serve`, `nox -s build`. With `uvx nox` you don't even need nox installed.

## Linting

Use `prek -a --quiet` (Rust version of `pre-commit run -a`) before committing. Pre-commit handles all formatting and most linting.

clang-tidy support is built into CMake (`cmake --preset tidy`), normally run in CI/Docker, not locally.

## Architecture of the headers

`include/pybind11/pybind11.h` is the main entry point that most users include; it pulls in the core machinery. Key layers:

- **`detail/`** — internal implementation, not part of the public API. This is where the hard parts live:
  - `type_caster_base.h`, `cast.h` (`include/pybind11/cast.h`) — the type conversion system that maps C++ ↔ Python values. Most binding behavior ultimately routes through type casters.
  - `internals.h` — the per-interpreter global state (registered types, instances, etc.), shared across modules via a capsule. ABI compatibility is gated by an ID; changing internals layout is an ABI break.

>   - `struct_smart_holder.h` / `using_smart_holder.h` — the **smart_holder** that became the default holder in v3, enabling safe passing of objects between `shared_ptr`/`unique_ptr` and Python ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `struct_smart_holder.h` / `using_smart_holder.h` — **smart_holder** was added in v3, enabling safe passing of objects between `shared_ptr`/`unique_ptr` and Python ownership. It is the recommended holder for most situations, but for backward compatibility it is not the default holder, and there are no plans to make it the default holder in the future.
```

Author: I wonder if this is mentioned somewhere? I've noticed this one before, AI claimed that smart holder became the default in v3. Maybe it has a memory of a "planned to be default in v3" or something?

Reviewer: I don't remember ever seriously considering making smart_holder the default. I'd be surprised to see that mentioned somewhere.

- `commands.py` / `__main__.py` — `python -m pybind11 --includes` / `--cmakedir` etc., used by build systems to locate headers and CMake files.

Packaging produces two distributions: the normal `pybind11` (headers live inside the package, found via the functions above) and `pybind11-global` (installs to `<env>/include/pybind11` and `<env>/share/cmake/pybind11` for system-wide CMake discovery). Build with `nox -s build` and `nox -s build_global`. The build backend is scikit-build-core. Packaging tests live in `tests/extra_python_package` (`nox -s tests_packaging`).

## CMake tooling (`tools/`)

`pybind11Common.cmake`, `pybind11Tools.cmake` (classic FindPythonLibs path), and `pybind11NewTools.cmake` (CMake 3.12+ FindPython path, selected with `-DPYBIND11_FINDPYTHON=ON`) implement the `pybind11_add_module()` interface and the `pybind11::*` interface targets that downstream `CMakeLists.txt` files consume.

## Conventions

- Small, self-contained PRs; this project deliberately favors minimal-code general solutions.
- Any new functionality needs a test (add to or create the paired `.cpp`/`.py` in `tests/`, and register the test in `tests/CMakeLists.txt`).

> - Try to add to an existing test file if possible (more files slow down tests)

Reviewer: - Bug fixes should be paired with new tests that fail without the fix.

Author: That's generally how Opus 4.8 operates (and Fable did too). But we can mention it too.

```suggestion
- Bug fixes should be paired with new tests that fail without the fix.
- Try to add to an existing test file if possible (more files slow down tests)
```
